Git :
Git for Developers Using Github
https://www.coursera.org/learn/git-for-developers-using-github/home/welcome


NLP 
-project :

Analyze Text Data with Yellowbrick:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/analyze-text-data-yellowbrick/home/welcome :  done 

NLP: Twitter Sentiment Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/learn/twitter-sentiment-analysis/home/welcome:done 

Basic Sentiment Analysis with TensorFlow
https://www.coursera.org/learn/basic-sentiment-analysis-tensorflow/home/welcome:EN going Task 

Build NLP pipelines using scikit-learn:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/build-nlp-pipelines-using-scikit-learn/home/welcome:Done 

Perform Sentiment Analysis with scikit-learn:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/scikit-learn-logistic-regression-sentiment-analysis/home/welcome

Language Classification with Naive Bayes in Python
https://www.coursera.org/learn/language-classification/home/welcome

Convolutions for Text Classification with Keras
https://www.coursera.org/learn/convolution-text-classification-keras/home/welcome

Tweet Emotion Recognition with TensorFlow
https://www.coursera.org/learn/tweet-emotion-tensorflow/home/welcome

Transfer Learning for NLP with TensorFlow Hub:
https://www.coursera.org/programs/virtual-university-of-tunis-on-coursera-9uldf/browse?productId=jvTzhP2aEeqqog4hJpotuw&productType=course&query=NLP&showMiniModal=true
Notifications

Introduction to Natural Language Processing in Python
https://www.coursera.org/learn/intro-natural-language-processing-nlp-python/home/welcome

Interactive Word Embeddings using Word2Vec and Plotly
https://www.coursera.org/learn/interactive-word2vec/home/welcome

Named Entity Recognition using LSTMs with Keras
https://www.coursera.org/learn/named-entity-recognition-lstm-keras-tensorflow/home/welcome

Recommandation system :
https://www.coursera.org/learn/recommender-systems-introduction/home/welcome
project :Building Similarity Based Recommendation System
https://www.coursera.org/learn/building-similarity-based-recommendation-system/home/welcome

Transoformer :
Generating New Recipes using GPT-2:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/generating-new-recipes-python/home/welcome

Fine Tune BERT for Text Classification with TensorFlow:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/fine-tune-bert-tensorflow/home/welcome

Sentiment Analysis with Deep Learning using BERT:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/sentiment-analysis-bert/home/welcome

Topic Modeling :
Introduction to Topic Modeling for Business
https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-topic-modeling-for-business/home/welcome

Deployement :
TensorFlow Serving with Docker for Model Deployment:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/tensorflow-serving-docker-model-deployment/home/welcome
https://www.coursera.org/learn/serving-tensorflow-models-with-rest-api/home/welcome

Create Docker Container with Flask Seaborn Regression Plot App:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/create-docker-container-seaborn-regression-plot-app/home/welcome

Build a Machine Learning Web App with Streamlit and Python:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-streamlit-python/home/welcome

https://towardsdatascience.com/deploying-a-machine-learning-model-as-a-rest-api-4a03b865c166
https://towardsdatascience.com/machine-learning-deployment-with-python-e64a37c3155a


Neural Network Visualizer Web App with Python

https://www.coursera.org/learn/neural-network-visualizer/home/welcome

Pandas Python Library for Beginners in Data Science
https://www.coursera.org/learn/pandas-python-library-beginners-data-science/home/welcome

Processing Data with Python
https://www.coursera.org/learn/processing-data-with-python/home/welcome
Data Cleaning :
https://www.coursera.org/learn/nettoyer-donnees-python/home/welcome
Notifications
Cleaning and Exploring Big Data using PySpark:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/clean-explore-visualize-big-data-python-spark/home/welcome

Python: Imputations, Feature Creation & Statistical Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/learn/imputations-feature-creation/home/welcome

Class Creation in Object Oriented Python
https://www.coursera.org/learn/class-creation-in-object-oriented-python/home/welcome


cours :
Introduction to TensorFlow for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning
https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-tensorflow/home/welcome

Natural Language Processing in TensorFlow
https://www.coursera.org/programs/virtual-university-of-tunis-on-coursera-9uldf/browse?productId=eWdF_oGHEemfwRIsGCa-_A&productType=course&query=text+mining+&showMiniModal=true
https://www.coursera.org/learn/natural-language-processing-tensorflow/home/welcome

Sequences, Time Series and Prediction:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/tensorflow-sequences-time-series-and-prediction/home/welcome

Python :
https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-python/home/welcome


Python Programing :
https://www.coursera.org/learn/interactive-python-2/home/welcome

Machine Learning: Clustering & Retrieval
https://www.coursera.org/learn/ml-clustering-and-retrieval/home/welcome

Exploitation de text et analytique
Text ming :
https://www.coursera.org/learn/text-mining/home/week/1
https://www.coursera.org/learn/language-processing/home/week/5

How to Win a Data Science Competition: Learn from Top Kagglers:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/competitive-data-science/home/welcome

Data Mining Project
https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-mining-project/home/welcome
Data scice project :

https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-science-project/home/welcome 
Data processing :
Data Processing Using Python
https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-data-processing/home/welcome

Data Collection and Processing with Python
https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-collection-processing-python/home/welcome
